{OK, so you are about to see a
complex scene. Imagine you are
describing the scene to someone
who cannot see the picture.}
{Describe what is happening and
what you see in the in the scene
as thoroughly as possible. And
then for complex scenes we ask
that you take between 3 to 5
minutes to describe the scene.
And I will also keep a timer to
like let you know if we want a
little bit more description or
if we're ready to move on. So
I'm going to stop my share and
I'm going to share the first
scene, which is.}
{Right. Yep. OK. And now I'm
going to share my screen.}
{OK, and I will make this
bigger.}
{You could begin when you're
ready. OK. }
#START_escape_from_the_zoo And
so this is a scene at the zoo.
There are a lot of people at the
zoo. There are also a lot of
animals.
The top right has two buildings.
The shop is the one on the
further right. Left of that is a
cafe and towards the center is
an ice cream stand. The ice
cream stand is shaped like an
ice cream cone and says ice
cream, there's a man inside like
the vendor.
To the left of that, it looks
like kind of an ice rink. Maybe
it has little steps, like an ice
sculpture that seems to be empty
and.
In the upper left hand corner is
the polar bear exhibit. I see 3
white polar bears in there and
in the foreground of that is a
tree branch that you can see.
There are two I believe lemurs
in the tree and then also a
green bird that kind of appears
to be squawking at them.
So closer towards the center of
the scene, like I said, it's
very crowded, so there are a lot
of people in the walkway. The
walkway goes around that ice
sculpture and then to the cafe
and shop at the top, also
towards the left with the polar
bear enclosure.
At the very top, it looks like
the elephant is in there. It
looks like maybe two or one
elephant, 1 rhinoceros and an
ostrich in that area together.
And there are people looking at
that exhibit. There are people
looking at the polar bears in
the middle of kind of this
chaotic scene as a kangaroo
jumping.
With a crowd of people around,
there's also a tree with a bench
around it and three people are
sitting there.
Now, if you go below that ice
exhibit area to the left,
there's an exhibit with zebras.
I see two zebras, white and
black stripes, and three pink
flamingos.
There's a white bird there that
has a large flat beak. It looks
like there's also a hippo
swimming, what kind of appears
to be a Moat around the zebras,
so the hippo is only half above.
The water you can see its 2
ears, two eyes and two nostrils.
There's a little white bird
perched on the back of the
hippo.
Down from that, there is a
walkway that leads between that
exhibit and the lions. So a male
and female lion perched on top
of a rock and it looks like
maybe, Umm, I don't know, a
weasel something that is poking
his head out of the dirt next to
the lion.
Umm.
In that exhibit, you can tell
that it's deep.
Between the walkway and the
rocks that the lions are perched
on top of, and there are two
people hanging from the the
railing.
One looks like his jumping into
that exhibit.
One is kind of leaning and the
reason that they're trying to
get away from a rhinoceros that
is running through the pathway
with all the people.
And there are a couple in the
Lions exhibit that look like
they have.
Been hit, you know, by the
rhinoceros possibly. And then in
front of the rhinoceros there is
a mob of people trying to get
away. So a lot of chaos there.
Just above that walkway.
There it's the walkway between
the Lions exhibit and the the
bottom, and then there's giraffe
exhibit kind of in the middle on
the right there are three
giraffes.
There is a parrot that is blue
and looks like a green head,
yellow on the underside. The
parrot is flying. There's also a
small plane with a propeller in
the front and one pilot.
In the same exhibit with the
zebras.
Looks like a couple antelope.
Maybe anteaters? The one
anteater is standing up and
pointing.
Umm, kind of above that exhibit
with the giraffes. And just to
the right of the shop is a
gorillas. So there are six
guerrillas that I count kind of
rocks that go up to a point on
the right hand side. That's the
side of the page and they're all
kind of.
#END_escape_from_the_zoo Placed
on the rocks there. {OK, that
was perfect. Let me see what we
have next.}
{And I will make it bigger, so
I'd like you just to do the same
thing but with this one.}
#START_being_a_pirate Right. So
this is being a pirate. The
majority of the scene is in a
sea, so there's water. It looks
like the water is pretty rough.
There's a lot of waves going on,
white kind of in the mix of that
Blue Sea. On the far right, it
looks like a shoreline. So on
the shoreline there are several
people. I see a few palm trees
just on the right.
The upper right hand side of the
picture is it looks like a Cliff
with trees on the top and then
also rocks.
So in the sea.
There is towards the middle one
very large pirate ship.
It is very crowded. There are a
lot of people. It looks like
people are kind of flinging
themselves off the boats over.
The, I don't know what they're
called, but the polls that you
would climb up to like look out,
and all of the sails are drawn
up, so you don't see any of the
sails out.
Around the large ship are two
other like medium sized ships in
the sea and then.
Maybe 17 or more little boats
that are like, they're all
filled with people and they have
paddles, so they're paddle boats
that they're and it looks like
they're maybe going to shore.
Now in the sea is a very chaotic
scene. There is an octopus, what
it looks like, maybe like a sea
monster with legs out.
He has three people in his
tentacles.
And.
And then there is also on that
one main ship, it looks like
there's a cannon beam shot from
that. Umm, maybe a few of them.
I see four like puffs of smoke.
Two of them it looks like red
flames kind of from the cannon
being shot off.
The ship.
That is to the left of that,
that large one has a pirates
flag. You can't see the entire
ship, but you can just see the
back of it and it looks like one
of the row boats was collecting
people from there maybe.
But that one is also full.
Above in the sky there are six
birds flying around.
And now the other medium size
ship has three of the pirate
flags of the skull and
crossbones. There are people
there also. The sails are drawn
up, but they're sitting on top
of those.
Post that the sails come down
from.
I see another maybe cannon
that's going over. It's being
shot, so like an arch into the
water towards another small
rowboat.
But all of the row boats again
are very crowded. People trying
to escape either the ships being
shot or the sea monster and
they're trying to get to the
shore. It looks like one boat.
Made it to shore. It's fully on
shore one is getting there and
they're in the process of
unloading people.
#END_being_a_pirate There's
another small rowboat. It looks
like they're shooting at people
on shore. I see kind of a cannon
with the smoke coming out.
{The next one. Let's see what we
have. We have a. OK, so now we
have a short story.}
{And I'm going to pull it up. So
with the short story.}
{Just let me know if you'd like
me to flip the to the next
slide. This slide is oh, I don't
know why it's not telling me
this slide. This story is 11
slides long.}
{I'm going to share my screen
now.}
{No, just wait. Let me show you
the directions for the story
one, because this is the first
one. I'm sorry, just realized.}
{Graphic novel. So you are going
to look at a series.}
{You're going to look at a
series of pictures that tell a
story. Imagine you are telling
the story to someone who cannot
see the pictures. Describe what
you see and what is happening as
you go through the story. And
then this story is about 11
pages long. And with stories we
give a little bit like it'll
take a little bit more time,
so.}
{Like around 10 minutes. It's
it's a shorter story. So yeah,
because it's 11 slides, but just
let me know when you want me
to.}
#START_flowerman And so this it
kind of looks like it's the
evening after dusk. There seems
to be a few.
Post there's a man walking over
a bridge. He's walking towards
what looks like a town gas
station bar.
And there's a car that has gone
over.
It's his car that he's trying to
get to other people to help.
So this person is walking
through the town. It's very
dark.
There's a cafe he sees that is
dimly lit.
Fountain in the middle of the
square and there's a couple
suspicious characters off in a
doorway.
There's a lonely boy.
And a balcony looking outside
and.
This person has walked up into.
A sketchy looking area the
houses seem to the.
The shutters aren't right. A lot
of them are open. There are
people inside doing different
activities. One man is inside,
maybe sitting at a table or
watching TV.
One man is looking over a book.
There's another apartment and
the third floor. The shutters
are open. Smoke is coming out of
the houses. You can tell it's a
cold night.
This person is walking through.
So now it's.
There's a house.
That this person has painted, so
now they're trying to bring
color to this town. You can tell
that it's daylight now. The sun
is up. There's a tree that looks
to have some color next to this
house. He's painting the
shutters. He seems to be taking
care of his home amongst all of
these dilapidated places. But
other than this person, you
know, bringing color, everyone
else is still very Gray and dark
around.
It looks like this old man has
taken care of his home and now
it's starting to spread that
color to other people. While
most people are still Gray and
without color, there is a little
girl walking down the sidewalk
and she is in color.
And now you can tell that it was
slowly started to spread color
all around the town. People are
more cheerful there.
Places, you know, homes,
apartments that have color in
them. It's spreading to all of
that gloomy dark area.
They continue to.
To share that with with their
neighbors.
And now the full town seems to
be alive and colorful and much
prettier. There's a milk truck
that's coming out for delivery,
people are out on the street
enjoying life. There's an artist
selling pictures, and there's a
little kid playing in the
fountain. There's a person
driving a car around, and people
are out. They seem to be
talking, interacting to each
other, whereas before they were
very isolated, it seems.
In the apartments, you can tell
that people are together and not
alone.
There's a balcony at the top of
one of the buildings and it
seems to be a family. Together
they've continued to spread
happiness and share all around
the town.
So.
Now it seems maybe it's getting
to be.
That towards dusk there are
people. On one rooftop, a
grandpa and his grandchildren
with a telescope looking at the
stars.
There are two people out of
woman and a man. It seems
they're on a date together.
There are people still walking
around and kids kind of kicking
ball down the street.
A mother and a daughter and
older couple walking home,
possibly.
Everything is still in color and
seems happy.
It seems that you know it is
getting darker. The street
lights have come on, but
everything is still in color.
Where the little boy was
standing on the balcony before,
he has his family with him now.
He's not alone any longer and
there are people out on the
street together. Fewer people,
but still.
Sill a handful and the original
person that walked into town is
now turned the other way. It
looks like he's leaving town.
He's done his job and and made
it happier
It looks like this old man has
gone. He found another area that
is really dark and gloomy and
people seem isolated and he's by
a street lights.
With a little it looks like a
little flame, so I would assume
he's there to light up the next
place,
#END_flowerman It's a little
girl with a flower. The old man
has given her the flower and she
is in color. And then there's an
old gentleman in the window that
looks like he has a flower as
well. So as they spread these
flowers, that looks like it's
spreading color and cheer
around.
{OK, perfect. Let's see what we
have.}
{Next. OK, NEXT is another short
story.}
{OK, let me just make sure this
is the one I needed. OK, so this
next story is 5 slides long.}
{I'm going to put it in present
mode and just same thing like I
did before. Let me know when you
would like me to move forward,
OK?}
#START_arrival-1 So it looks
like.
There's a family.
Portrait being taken down from
the wall and a person is
wrapping it up.
Very carefully to put away in a
suitcase. It looks like maybe
they're they're taking it
somewhere, moving or leaving
It looks like they have. It's a
couple that's packing up a box
and they have their items.
That they're moving, so they're
valuable possessions. The family
photo teapot. They have their
clothing, hats, clock, and it
looks like a little figurine.
Cookware.
You know a TV set there with
that, the teapot and their
suitcase.
It looks like they are traveling
and it seems like a dangerous
situation that they're they're
leaving and they have to go in
the nights their daughter was
woken up to leave.
And they've they've gotten
dressed and then they're
fleeing. Like to go somewhere
else next.
So it looks like the wife and
husband are going to be
separated. They they have to get
away.
And there's a a train that they
have to catch.
And so they're saying their
goodbyes. It's very hard. The
dad is trying to stay positive
and strong for the mother and
daughter, and he plays with the
daughter and shows the little
figurine origami.
Under his hat.
The the wife is crying and very
sad. They're all holding hands
and just saying goodbye.
That looks like the.
Dad has boarded a ship, so.
He has the family picture, you
know, to remember his wife and
daughter bye
#END_arrival-1 He is alone on
the ship ship, traveling by
himself.
{Same thing as before. You'll
have like 3 to 5 minutes to
describe what you see happening
in this scene.}
{And you could start when you're
ready. } #START_airport OK. And
so this looks like a where's
Waldo page. This is at an
airport, so you have the
observation deck, and there are
several aircraft around. It
looks like a UFO, a plane.
Rocket A blimp even like a A.
Base rockets or fighter jets. So
there's the old, you know,
original, like propeller plane.
Those are all in the air. On the
ground there is a hot air
balloon, a helicopter, there's a
large freight.
Jet that is being loaded up with
elephants and there are several
different colors of planes on
the ground so.
Most of them are are white, but
they have different stripes. So
one has green stripe down the
middle and the tail ring is
green, another is blue, one is
yellow, one is red, there's
another green, another blue.
There's one of those old planes
in the middle of the scene.
There are several workers
around, so loading cargo trying
to direct sky traffic.
There is also a.
A fire engine in the middle of
all of this. It looks to be
spraying water on a group of
people, but there are a lot of
people all around. Some are
boarding a bus.
Some are around like a green
truck.
There's also all of the people
loading luggage, so there's a
luggage cart in the center of
the scene at the bottom of the
page that's kind of inside the
airport and you can see the
ticket desk, crowds of people
ticket desk towards the middle.
The left bottom of the scene is
the.
Luggage area with the belt that
goes around in a circle.
To the far right side, the
bottom it looks like.
Maybe that's where there's like
missing desk.
But there's very crowded
airport. Multiple people like
you can see air.
Air flight attendants
passengers.
Outside there's also like a.
There's one large plane in the
middle that's being deplaned,
all the people leaving. To the
left of that, there's a red
tanker truck with a hose out. It
looks like the.
Cargo like the luggage
transporter ran over his hose.
Umm.
Below that is a forklift. Below
the main plane in the center is
a forklift. It literally has a
fork it's lifting up.
Several boxes that are being
loaded while they're sitting
there to be loaded, presumably.
Also in that area it looks like
a lot of.
#END_airport  don't know water
from the fire engine or it's all
separated.
{OK, next I have another complex
scene.}
#START_birthday_party_fun So
this is a birthday party
The upper right hand side is a
large bouncy house. It's kind of
a castle looking one has four
turrets and the middle is open,
but you can tell that it's all
inflated. There are several kids
dressed up in costume. There's
the pink Bunny, a bat. It looks
like kind of a devil with Red
Wings.
Umm.
Iron Man, a crocodile, a witch.
But kids having fun in there.
There are people all around in
the yard.
Kind of. In this backyard scene,
there's a large table with food
set up that's towards the left.
Of that bouncy house. And
there's cakes and cupcakes that
looks like a salad and some sort
of mold in the middle. It's a
it's a large.
Object.
But a lot of people in costume.
You see a clown holding
balloons. He has blue, red and
yellow balloon towards the
middle of the page. Down at the
bottom there's a little
inflatable pool. So kids are
playing in there. One boy
dumping a bucket of water on
another girl that's dressed up
as a mermaid. There's another
boy shooting a water gun at
someone else in the yard.
And it looks like the entire
yard is surrounded by shrubs and
a kind of a fence.
In the back with trees and
lanterns hanging from that, a
flag like flag banners hanging
from all the trees as
decoration.
At the bottom, there's kids
playing with the hose next to
the pool.
All different costumes of
fireman. Another witch looks
like a fairy.
And a shepherd and a sheep.
there are Kids also running
around kind of chasing each
other in the very middle part of
the page.
The upper right, they're all
dressed as zoo characters, so a
lion, zebra, Penguin, elephant,
and then the zookeeper there
with them.
In the upper middle there's a
tree and underneath there are
shrubs. There's one boy dressed
as a monster in the shrubs, kind
of hiding out other kids playing
with swords.
Right below the shrubs.
There is a man in the center
he's carrying.
A birthday cake. It looks like a
3 tier birthday cake with lit
candles on top. It looks like
he's taking that to the table
with all the food.
#END_birthday_party_fun And then
around him are people cheering.
{Oh wait, why is it broken up
like that?}
{Oh, I found it. I was looking
at the wrong folder.}
{Not a lot of things on each
one.}
S{o same thing as before, the
stories. Describe what you see
and what is happening and let me
know when you'd like me to move
on, OK?}
#START_wanderer It looks like 2
characters are putting together
a paper boat on the left so
they're it's a life-size boat.
The paper they're working
together, one is a horned
character, almost looks like a a
devil, and the other is, you
know, an old old man and.
But they have worked together to
form.
This paper boats on the right is
a large.
And.
Ship a large vessel, it has a
lot of sails on it, very big and
it has underneath.
Kind of like a observation area
with this little paper boat on
the water.
You can see the paper boat
making their way through the
rough seas and there's birds
flying over.
This little paper boats just
sailing by and next.
So now this paper boat has come
up upon a large whale that's in
the sea.
And also looks like you know
it's encountering sea life. So
turtles, a bird has landed on
it.
And it looks very small compared
to this whale
You can see all of the creatures
underneath the water, so the
whale has lifted up this little
paper boat.
From it it's side and you can
see all the coral underneath the
schools of fish, it looks like a
swordfish is swimming by.
Now this little paper boats.
It looks to be going. The fish
are kind of carrying this boat
along.
There's a large number, a large
school of fish.
And then?
The little paper boat is not
there.
So now it looks like this paper
boat.
Has made it away from all of the
fish. It's over coral now.
There's little squid next to it.
Now it seems that the the
characters are fishing. There's
a.
A fishing pole and line dangling
from the side of this little
paper boats and they've caught a
fish.
This little paper boat has gone.
It looks like it's nearing a
shoreline. It's still in the
water, but.
There seems to be a lot of trees
and cranes all all in the the
trees and it's kind of
surrounded by other plants in
the water.
You can see all of the plants
that are growing up, their roots
and the water and then the
vegetation.
You know out and there's still
fish in the water and and a
little paper boat is going
through this area with all the
vegetation next.
Now this little paper boat has
come up on it looks like eels.
And there's a character you can
see peering out of this paper
boats.
They're being watched, though.
So you can see it looks like a.
Seahorse kind of out of out of
the paper boat has It's
checkered.
And it's still going through the
water near all of this
vegetation and these creatures
underneath, there's a lobster
and eel.
But it doesn't seem to be in
harm now.
There is a large whale whose
head is up. It looks like the
paper boat is passing right by
him.
And now it looks like this whale
is on top of.
Old shipwrecked boats underneath
the water and when this whale
has different.
Tentacles on its back and growth
all along it you can see its
teeth, and it seems to have
almost a fishing pole outside of
its head as well.
And now we have a scene with.
And it looks like moth birds
almost flying the the sun is
setting over the water. There
are a lot of creatures. This
little paper boat has a cat
jumping onto it. This cat has
claw like hands.
There are other creatures that
almost a zebra that looks like
is in the water and cheetah and
a horse elephants.
That all look like sea creatures
mashed with land creatures.
This little paper boat is going
through it. It's night time now
that all the stars are above.
All of these little fish are
kind of watching the boat go
through the sea as it travels.
In the moonlight.
And now this paper boat is
surrounded by fish, and all the
fish have glowing eyes.
The book continues to travel. It
sees all the stars and in the
Galaxy and.
Just the vastness.
And now this little boat is
coming up on an iceberg. It
looks like it's very large
iceberg compared to this little
paper boat.
This little paper boat is
traveling through an opening in
the iceberg it appears, and
there's different kind of caves
caverns in there that it's it's
floating through.
And this little.
Paper boats comes upon this
creature.
And that looks like it's in old
scuba gear, but it's not a
human. It looks like a a monster
with fish like hands, fins for
hands. It picks up the paper
boat and it's inspecting it with
lights that are tentacles
growing out of it.
It looks like the paper boat is
back in the water and now
floating through. You can see
the tentacle from that last
monster sticking out of the
water, and then it's coming upon
this very large ship with a lot
of smoke coming out of it. I'm
an anchor on the side.
That is traveling through the
water.
So now this little paper boat is
coming up on a rig in the middle
of the water. You can see smoke
coming from it.
Birds are diving down, the sky
is filled with smoke and this
little paper boat.
Is just floating by.
It's going next to.
It's being shot at by men with
guns and this out of the side of
of something, a structure that
boats the large ship.
The men are shooting into the
water and the paper boat it
looks like gets struck. So now
it has a hole in it and another
creature comes up that it
appears to be on kind of a
rocket structure next.
And this little boat keeps
going.
The.
Creature and old scuba gear. It
seems as attached to this little
paper boats but not in it, and
it's come upon another vessel
that is in a shell and.
It looks like kind of a.
A horned caped creature leading
the way. In this he has other
creatures in the vessel with
them, horse and.
Antelope looking creature they
don't have.
Sails, but it's a kite that
they're kind of being guided by.
And now this little paper boat
is being overtaken by a huge
wave.
The shell vessel, the kite, has
been ripped open.
The creatures are still on that,
but this wave is crashing over
the little paper boats.
now, it looks like there's a
storm the paper boat made it
through, but there's lightning
crashing down.
And now something in the sky
looks like a paper airplane.
And this now the paper boat is
coming upon a sea full of.
Eels that are wriggling around
and going through them.
Now the paper boat is making its
way through. It's still being
watched by a couple creatures
next.
The boat made it out of the Eels
and now it looks like a
Narwhal sort of creature with
water streaming out of its
nostrils. Another creature has
like a saw.
Large beak that's in the water
and the water coming from the
nostrils is going into this
little paper boat and it looks
like the paper boat is going
down.
So now the paper boat is
underwater and it's surrounded
by jellyfish.
The paper boat comes.
And.
By a school of fish underwater,
and then it sees several squid
underwater.
Maybe an octopus that it comes
across underwater, but different
little swimming creatures next.
So now the paper boat has landed
at the bottom of the sea.
And you can see a spotlight on
that three little creatures are
investigating the paper boats.
Meanwhile, it looks like a
submarine is also down under the
water with an eel and different
creatures around.
The paper boat comes up from the
submarine, it goes above the
water line. It looks like water
is draining from this paper
boats and you see a ship that is
half half ship and half.
Sea monster with tentacles and a
squid like structure.
This paper boat, is being helped
along now by seals. They are
playing with it.
They're kind of pushing it
along.
Now the paper boats is floating.
It's a it's above water and you
can see all the the sea life so
the jellyfish and fish swimming
around and eels amongst all of
the coral and.
See seaweed. There's also.
Another creature underneath and
it looks like a a scuba diver as
well.
This little paper boat goes by.
A buoy that is inhabited by by
other sea creatures. There's
birds flying and now it's
traveling next to a lighthouse
and and ships coming in it looks
like closer to.
To land.
Now this this little paper boat
is is over.
It looks like there are other
boats, maybe like a port that
it's going to. Several ships are
coming out.
And you can see all the the
smoke coming from those ships
This little paper boat is moving
its way towards the city.
It's surrounded by other
submarine, a very huge ship, a
little maybe fishing, fishing
boat and other little sailboat.
And it's kind of moving along
with them.
Towards the city
So now we have.
The port where there's.
The whale.
Creature that has water coming
out.
The little boat has flooded
over. You can see people that
are are boarding the the ships.
So it has made its way over to
the ports and kind of the wall
there.
This little boat is floating
around. You see all of.
The port with the.
freight coming in, the cranes
lifting the freights.
And then there's the checkered.
Kind of squid, seahorse object
being lifted out of the water as
well, and there's a man in there
with an observation deck, but
this boat is coming up again
with people.
The little paper boat is going
by.
a fishing boats this fishing
boat is captured the Norwell and
the.
Other creature with kind of the
the saw like beak, they've
caught it, it's in, it's in the
net and they're taking it in and
and this little paper boat keeps
floating by.
It's still in the water and
still next to the dock.
It looks like the paper boat has
made its way to.
Maybe a river? A smaller water
passageway that's going through
the city?
Met there.
Bridges that go over the water
and the little paper boat is
just floating along
So this little paper boat
continues to float its passing
by.
And the creatures that it ran
into previously and the shell
vessel with the horse and the
antelope creatures, kind of
everyone getting off it looks
like they're going up steps, you
know, to the city. And this
little paper boat is just
floating on by all of it
Paper boat is still is still
floating through. It looks like
it's headed out of the city now
and it's night time.
Slow paper boat
Is floating by. It looks like
it's coming up to a little
building.
a wall with steps.
And.
There's a person getting off the
boat, he's getting out and he's
walking up the steps.
#END_wanderer Out of the water.
{I can't hear you. Are you
muted? Whoops, do you need a two
or three minute break?}
{Or would you like blowing up to
you and we keep going? It's
fine.}
{OK, next we have a complex
scene.}
{And let me just make sure it's
the right one.}
{OK, I'm going to share my
screen.}
{OK, you could start when you're
ready.}
#START_dinosaurs_spacemen_and_ghouls
Right, so this is dinosaurs,
spacemen and ghouls.
The left side of the page it
looks like.
A volcano with several Cavemen
around.
There are dinosaurs.
If you look at the very top.
It's theatrical lights hanging
down. There are dinosaurs kind
of coming down from this volcano
of various colors. There's
green. One green dinosaur has a
spikes on its back. There's a
pink dinosaur that also has
spikes on its back down from
that a blue dinosaur to red
dinosaurs.
Caveman all around them and then
at the.
Very bottom. It looks like it's
the dressing room for this
production, so people getting
ready in there. There are
mirrors and like a vanity
counter. Three changing rooms,
everyone getting into costume.
There's mummies, Cavemen in
their dinosaur.
And then in the middle of the
page it looks like a smaller
set.
That has maybe like zombies. It
looks like a Halloween scene, so
there's lights, large theatrical
lights there.
Mummy's acting out. It's a
crowded scene. To the right is a
different stage area.
It looks like a a cafeteria,
actually. It might just be where
everyone's taking a break and
eating, and there are several
tables and everyone gathered
around it looks like a buffet
line where they're getting food.
Outside of that, so just up on
the page.
It's a space scene, so that
stage is set up with spaceships.
Looks like 4 spaceships. It
looks like a crashed rocket, so
maybe like a.
A scene for a landing.
Everyone there is dressed up.
In space suits, orange space
suits and.
And.
#END_dinosaurs_spacemen_and_ghouls
Several people gathered around
there between the two stages.
With the dinosaurs and Cavemen
and the space scene, it looks
like crowds of people just all
all working on this production.
{Let me see what we have next,
OK?}
{OK, this one's also a complex
scene.}
#START_waldo-1 OK, so this scene
is.
Like a village scene, in the
middle is a fountain. The water
is on and spraying up. There's a
man in kind of diving gear with
a snorkel and.
The fins on and floating in the
water and that's in a triangle.
And then around that is a a road
with cars, so.
There's a red car and a yellow
truck. It looks like the red car
ran into the back of the truck
that's just above the fountain
and people are out and about.
The two drivers are kind of
yelling at each other, it looks
like.
Around this fountain square, um,
our buildings. So there appears
to be a cafe, maybe like that's
on the right. It looks like a a
Barber there next to it, and a
bookstore.
In that little block.
There is either a theater or a a
church. Maybe people going in
that.
Below the fountain square and it
looks like an open market, so
there are stands with the
striped awnings.
And have a crowd of people. It
looks like 1 stand is selling
plants.
And then to the left there's a
building. There's three ladders
going up to the roof. So this
there's workers on the roof.
And it looks like they're kind
of washing.
The the walls of this building,
it's a light blue color.
That appears to be an office
building. There's a man walking
in. You can see Windows in the
building and and people.
Appears to be at desk at desk
and working.
To the left, above kind of the
fountain.
Is a pink building with a red
and white striped awning. It
looks like a hotel and it has a
red carpet out front of the
doors and then two kind of red
lights like sconce lights there.
And.
Above that is.
It looks like a mechanic area
garage with a car, a green car
that's being worked on, and then
a different block, so above the
book store.
It looks like a shoe store, a
street going between the two.
Areas blocks the fire station, a
police station.
And then beyond that, in the
back it looks like, um, maybe a
hospital with an ambulance.
There are people around
bicycles.
And then on the upper left hand
side, it looks like a school
with a fence around it. It's a
white building and then a a
chain link fence. There are
people out front. There's a red
car driving by that.
Umm.
It looks like there's 2-3 like
three kind of sections or 4
sections, 3 streets that cut out
from the fountain square.
People.
All around.
Just below the fountain, there's
also like a guy on a motorcycle,
a green.
Like beetle.
Car.
Another moped driver.
#END_waldo-1 People on the
streets walking and then also
driving.
{OK, perfect. Let me see what we
have next.}
{OK, next we have another short
story.}
{OK, I'm gonna also so this this
short story is 8 slides long,
same thing as the other ones.
Let me know when you'd like me
to move on, OK?}
#START_arrival-4 OK, so it looks
like a a man getting ready.
To go out for work, he's take,
he's taking a shower, he's
shaving, getting dressed,
putting his shoes on.
And getting his belongings, his
hat, and he pulls out a map.
So he's looking at this map and
he goes out into the street.
The buildings are like Tipis. It
looks like there are flying
ships in the sky and one very
large bridge with kind of
archways cut out. The ships are
going through next.
So now this man, he sees little
creatures on the street. He sees
a woman. He's asking the woman
how to get to some place on the
on the map.
She has a.
It's a Rotary machine that spits
out a ticket for him, so.
He he takes a ticket, he's
looking up, she's pointing at
one of the sky ships and that's
where he needs to board. He's
being guided there
He's on the ship.
With this other little creature
he found, he's he's talking to a
woman there. There are other
passengers on benches, seated,
and they continue to talk. He
takes out a document from his
pocket.
He's looking for someone.
She takes something out as well
with a picture.
This little girl that he's
looking for and we see this
scene play out where
She's being grabbed. There's a
book that she has that's taken
away and she's given a shovel
instead so she can't read. She's
put to work with a shovel.
And then up on this chimney
stack.
So this little girl is working
and with this chimney stack and
shoveling out things, she she
gets her book from the store
that's been taken away and she
runs and jumps on a train.
{Next.]
This man that was on the the
flying ship.
He goes through to the it's
another city he's in, there's
billboards, and he says goodbye
to the woman that he had met.
He is still unsure of where to
go.
But he he is off the ship now,
and he's walking on the
sidewalks
So this man is searching through
the town.
He finds.
And people to to talk to. He's
looking for items. He has a book
that is filled with with
pictures.
This creature that he's
traveling with points out it
looks like a a drawer, a lock
box.
And.
There is another creature
inside. It's not what he was
looking for. He he points out
the picture to another gentleman
and his son of what he's looking
for, and they find another box
to hand to him. They're trying
to give him this basket.
So the man and the son.
Various items that looks like
items from the sea. Shrimp,
squid, clam, had a snake or eel
like thing.
Fish.
And they do offer it looks like
a a cucumber the man is eating
that they feed the creature that
the man is also traveling with.
In this basket they put all the
items for the man.
And point him in the right
direction.
This man.
Um takes the items he finds and
like a a vase and there is a
creature inside with a long
spiky tail and he's with the man
and the boy. They look and the
boy pulls out this creature with
the spiky tail that kind of
looks like an owl cat.
Or dragon, and then that dragon
creature and the creature the
man was traveling with, they
encounter each other.
The traveling man and the father
are are discussing things.
And the traveling man jots down
this interaction in his book.
#END_arrival-4 This this father
is telling, telling a story.
{OK, next we have another short
story.}
{And I'll start it from
beginning and let me know when
you'd like me to move on, OK?}
#START_return There's an
apartment, it looks like, with
several rooms in the building.
There's a man at a drawing table
and there's a a red kite that is
in the room with him.
There's also a little boy
downstairs playing and it looks
like he's drawing a red door on
the wall. He's wearing a crown
Man at the drawing desk, he
notices the kite has fallen down
and he picks up this kite.
Looks at that and then he goes
downstairs to the little boys
room and finds this red door
that the boy has drawn and the
door opens. The man looks in
He comes across this forest of
trees with lanterns that are lit
and a little stream. It's a
different world outside of the
apartment
On this stream is a ship that
has like a dragon head and a
fanned tail, and the middle is
flat. So the man goes from the
dock and he gets on this ship.
That this takes him to.
A city that's like a a castle.
And there's a several bridges.
There are large overlooks and
turrets and round domes and
little flags, and the moon is
bright and shining over this
place.
as the man looks on
So the man gets off the ship and
he's flagging down people. He
sees the boy that was wearing
the crown.
And he he goes to this king, it
appears.
And.
The boy doesn't want to go home
with him. He's saying no.
And they look over and there's
another ship.
With other people coming up
towards them.
There is a fight that ensues
between these other people and
the king, and the King wields
his sword, and these other
soldiers are they knock it out
of his arms. They're taking the
king and they they take this
that he has.
It's the box next.
So the boy wearing the Crown
draws a wing. He's drawing a
purple like Griffin Dragon to
take them away from these other
men, these soldiers that came
up. And so this dragon comes to
life and they fly off together
over the moon
As they're flying and they're
fleeing and these other men,
they're going high in the sky
above the city and above all the
all the water.
It appears that the.
The king has been taken captive
by the soldiers and they are on
the ship which also has wings,
so they are flying after them
next.
So this ship.
Meets up with the Dragon, and
the King tries to take the boy.
And then the boy and the father
are falling through the sky. The
Dragon has poofed into feathers,
and they're falling down next.
So they fall under the water.
And so now they're surrounded by
by fish, and the boy draws in
red.
He's drawn a red submarine, so
now they're safe in a submarine,
underwater and traveling through
The submarine takes them to an
under ground.
cave
So now in The Cave they see
these old drawings left there
and people with light people it
looks like with something coming
out of a bucket the the boys
pointing up at this with his dad
showing his dad.
So the boy and their dad start
drawing in purple. You can see
that the ship is there with the
king and the other soldiers.
So they are.
Are drawing it looks like a a
bird.
They've drawn a bird in a cage
and a soldier is running up
towards it. The man and his son
are hiding.
The soldier goes up to try to
capture the bird, but instead he
is captured in this bird cage,
it's snapped shut, and the
father is able to grab the
object. That's a box that the
king had before.
And so he smashes this box.
And colors come out streams and
and birds and flying creatures.
And take over this.
Cavern.
The colorful birds fly off. The
king is there with his son. The
father and his son are together.
And now they found a door with
the tail of the red kites.
#END_return And now they're back
at home in their apartments, and
their red kite is flying
outside.
{Next.
Yeah, let's see.
What's next?
OK, the next one is 2 slides.
Then this one's a story. It's
just two slides, OK?}
#START_arrival-3 there's a a
boy. It looks like he has
newspapers outside, a woman with
her cat and this very long tail.
There are several people on the
street doing various jobs. One
is shaving a gentleman and the
other is playing.
A horned instrument. While, one
man plays the violin, so there's
music. It looks like a street
vendor as well. He has maybe
he's selling.
Coffee or tea? He has a little
creature in his front basket of
his cart.
There's a couple that has very
large eggs in a in a box.
And then another group of people
that are looking at this
newspaper and there's a man on
the street looking around with a
suitcase.
So this man is is looking. He
has a pocket watch and he's
looking up at a tower. He's
walking through the streets with
his suitcase and suddenly
lights.
Kind of come up. His hat is
blown off.
He picks his hat back up and
he's looking at a book that he
has.
A man offers a hand to help him.
And the the gentleman with the
suitcases drawing a picture of a
bed. He's looking for a bed and
so.
#END_arrival-3 The other
gentleman says yes, he knows
where to take him and he shows
him where to go and then the
traveling man follows him.
{Yeah, let me see.
And the next one is also a short
story.
This one's four slides.}
#START_arrival-5 So there's a
picture of.
A city upon a hill and it looks
like you know it's on the the
coast. There's water and a
little boat coming up to the
city and.
They dock there's someone that
docks the boat. It looks like 2
gentlemen.
And a boy carrying a basket. The
basket has goods in it. He hands
it to a woman.
The man and woman embrace and
they're all all greeting each
other, the woman invites.
The traveling man inside and
they have wine together. They
are preparing this food
together. It looks like the
basket with the goods is all
seafood that they've they've
brought back
They're all eating dinner
together and happy.
It looks like.
And laughing and telling stories
and playing music together.
The traveling man starts to fold
something and it's origami of a
little cat that he folds up and
then the gentleman.
And whose house they're in shows
him a pot. He and his wife show
him the ceramic pot.
They have this pot on a window
sill.
The traveling man stays the
night there, he and his creature
sleeping in the bed together,
and the next morning he gets up
and gets dressed and prepare
something to eat for himself and
his little pet creature, and it
looks like he's putting his
jacket on and getting his hat
and ready to leave.
So now he's out in the city and
on the streets with people. He
talks to a few people, asking
them questions. One, it looks
like, is a chef. Another is a
worker.
There's one man that's feeding
fish it looks like.
#END_arrival-5 Everyone is busy
working in the city. He comes
upon a vendor and talks to a
woman there. She she can't help
him. And then he's also at what
looks like a an airport sort of
place talking to people
{Oh, sorry, Megan, I can't hear
you.}
{Sorry, this one's a complex
scene, so this one is just like
the three to five minutes to
describe what you see. OK, here
and I will make this.}
#START_exhibit-12 Right, so this
looks to be.
Almost like a an Art Museum,
there are portraits hanging on
the walls. It is very crowded,
so in this museum there are
three levels with a set of
stairs separating each one on
the bottom floor.
There is.
A large portrait, sort of in the
center and with a horse and.
It looks like that's being
painted. There are several
pictures on the walls. The walls
are red, the floors are white.
Umm.
Each.
The the second and third floor
have like white rails as well
going around.
So on that first floor, there's
one doorway opening, and it
looks like.
Police are trying to come
through with a mob of people
behind them.
To the right there are people
taking portraits off the wall
and passing them up to the
second floor. There's a portrait
being passed on the the main
level amongst people.
A lot of crowds and it looks
like a little scaffolding that
they're walking on on the main
floor.
So they can reach the 2nd floor
and going up the steps to that
second floor. This is on the
left hand side of the screen,
the page.
People are passing portraits up,
so there's like gold, a gold
frame, a a green frame, another
gold or red frame and portraits
still hanging on the wall.
On the second floor.
It seems even more crowded. And
there's a ladder and.
People hanging off of the
there's two ladders, people
hanging off 2 ladders on the
left and then kind of hanging
platforms. There are people
there as well.
And so.
Pictures of portraits all along
these walls, also on the second
floor.
There are people trying to take
the portraits.
There are more people carrying
portraits up to the third floor.
Umm.
And it looks like that wall is
higher. It has several portraits
hanging and there's also
scaffolding and multi layer
scaffolding of people hanging
off.
#END_exhibit-12 But very
crowded. It's hard to make out
individual costumes or or
people.